README.md, before:

# Far From Home

Far From Home is a mobile based house rental application developed using Flutter Framework which is mainly for students, employees and other professionals who are living as PGs or on rent and also for the property owners who are searching for a platform to post their property on rent. The sole purpose of this application is to achieve complete transparency between the owner and the tenant in the entire process of renting by removing the role of a middleman – a broker. Using this application user can search the property, rent the property, contact the owner/tenant, pay rent using integrated payment API and generate the invoice for your transaction,etc.  

[Download Project Video](https://github.com/KevinPatel04/Far-From-Home/blob/master/Far%20From%20Home.mp4)

### Setup & Requirements
- Flutter & Dart Plugin
- VS Code

### GUI
<img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-08-55-084_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-09-17-133_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-09-23-341_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2019-11-18-17-24-25-825_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-10-02-303_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2019-11-18-17-29-17-424_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-13-52-740_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283">  <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-17-40-550_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-17-58-630_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-18-03-770_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-13-39-881_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283">  <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-13-23-970_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283">  <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-13-07-316_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-14-22-371_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2019-11-18-17-27-58-822_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-15-56-303_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2019-11-18-17-28-47-288_com.android.printspooler.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-11-23-698_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283">

Commit message:

Added CONTRIBUTE.md file access.

README.md, after:

# Far From Home

Far From Home is a mobile based house rental application developed using Flutter Framework which is mainly for students, employees and other professionals who are living as PGs or on rent and also for the property owners who are searching for a platform to post their property on rent. The sole purpose of this application is to achieve complete transparency between the owner and the tenant in the entire process of renting by removing the role of a middleman – a broker. Using this application user can search the property, rent the property, contact the owner/tenant, pay rent using integrated payment API and generate the invoice for your transaction,etc.  

[Download Project Video](https://github.com/KevinPatel04/Far-From-Home/blob/master/Far%20From%20Home.mp4)

### Setup & Requirements
- Flutter & Dart Plugin
- VS Code

### Check [CONTRIBUTE.md](https://github.com/KevinPatel04/Far-From-Home/blob/master/CONTRIBUTE.md) out to know how can you contribute to this open source project.

### GUI
<img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-08-55-084_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-09-17-133_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-09-23-341_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2019-11-18-17-24-25-825_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-10-02-303_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2019-11-18-17-29-17-424_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-13-52-740_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283">  <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-17-40-550_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-17-58-630_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-18-03-770_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-13-39-881_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283">  <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-13-23-970_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283">  <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-13-07-316_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-14-22-371_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2019-11-18-17-27-58-822_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-15-56-303_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2019-11-18-17-28-47-288_com.android.printspooler.jpg" width="283"> <img alt="Image is not loaded" src="https://github.com/KevinPatel04/FarFromHome/blob/master/assets/Screenshot_2020-02-02-01-11-23-698_com.example.farfromhome.jpg" width="283">
